[MUSIC]
You'll recall that the AND
function returns TRUE only if all of
the logical tests given to it are true.
Otherwise, it returns FALSE, if any of
the logical tests given to it is false.
The OR function, on the other hand,
will return TRUE,
if any of the logical
tests given to it is true.
And FALSE, only if all of the logical
tests given to it are false.
We can also couple the OR
function with IF to apply nuanced
IF- THEN logical tests on our data.
Let's explore this with problem 7A.
We are asked to identify if a distributor
does not sell products online.
We can do this by determining if
the distributor sells products from either
the retail or direct channels.
Let's start, as before,
by building the OR statement first.
OR takes, as parameters,
a list of logical tests for it to perform.
Let's test if the sales channel
value is either direct or
indirect and set it to work.
We can see true values here when
the distributor sells either retail or
direct, and
false values when they sell online.
Now, as before,
let's wrap our IF function around this and
output the distributors
name when they sell online,
that is when our OR function is false.
And the blank value, when they do
not sell online, that is when our OR
function is true.
There we have it, remember that we can
always perform additional calculations for
each of the TRUE and
FALSE parameters of the IF function.
Now it's your turn to demonstrate
your understanding of
combining IF and OR
by completing problem 7B.
[MUSIC]